# euphoria
NFT crowdfunding for innovations 

NFT FOR CORPORATE, INDUSTRIAL CROWDFUNDING AND INNOVATIONS
Rynaldo PapoyAfter Carnival Tech
In March 2021, I continued studying code, something I had already begun to do in 2020, at the beginning of the Covid-19 pandemic. As I would stay a long time at home, I began to think about doing something to make money as a home office. I decided to learn Java to create Android apps. I realized, however, that my computer is too old and I wouldn't have the money to buy another one. I wouldn't be able to use IDEs like Android Studio, for example. There were incentives from companies that wanted me to learn how to create apps because the demand was big, but for this, I would have to pay for expensive courses and I was just getting unemployment insurance, which would end in October 2020.
In late 2020, I was watching a VC lecture which, in the end, revealed that she was investing in blockchain. I thought, "this is serious." I started studying blockchain and had meetings with some investors just to talk about and learn better about blockchain.
In March 2020, I discover the NFT. I thought, "I can do this." I am a writer, videomaker, and digital artist and soon started creating my NFTs in apps like Opensea, Mintable, among others, but I had a lot of difficulty due to the gas fee. I had no job, there was a second wave of Covid-19 in my country and I was having trouble paying up the internet connection services bills. Gradually, I realized that the issue was not only the gas fee but getting lost in the midst of millions of NFTs creators, without the collectors being interested in my art. It's November 2021. After seven months, I didn't sell an NFT even, not even the day I put NFTs to sell for two dollars, without any gas fee.
The situation began to get different last month, as the rise of the "tip" began to emerge. You don't need to buy an NFT, but you can tip it. A tip costs less than a penny, but it's enough to insert an artist into the blockchain. I think: if I can earn a 1 cent tip, I could earn 100 tips and profit 1 dollar. If I can earn 100 tips, can I earn 10,000 tips a week or maybe even per day? This would not only help me pay some bills, as these tips can be appreciated in the long run and I can also start collecting some NFTs or make myself visible to collectors. For this, I need to engage a fan base, which is something that takes some time and would also depend on a little advertising.	
I felt a great need to create my own marketplace, I mean, my own app, where I would make my arts available and talk about my work, not just use the services of other platforms such as Medium and social networks. That's how I realized the great potential of NFT. For instance, crowdfunding. There are NFT crowdfunding platforms, but they are basically restricted to arts and games. Could we go beyond that?
By researching platforms, I came to the crowdfunding model for innovations. Some projects reach 2000% financing, which is excellent not only for the creator of the project but also for buyers, as they will be ordering great products at low prices, months or maybe years in advance. Why don't we crowdfund for NFT innovations? How would this work?
A team of developers has a project to create a photovoltaic power panel capable of supporting high temperatures above 45º C. This would be excellent for very hot areas on the planet, such as the deserts of California or deserts in the Arab region. Another team develops small domestic towers for wind power production in regions that wind a lot, such as Wyoming or Texas. A third team develops windsurf boards capable of producing electricity and mining cryptocurrencies, through waterproof devices. A fourth team develops in-satellites, I mean, satellites by high-altitude balloons, which do not need to be sent into space and are therefore much cheaper than conventional satellites, even if their use should be more restricted.
All these developers can create their projects through the crowdfunding of NFTs. Everything. Sketches, pictures, testimonials, videos, or badges similar to POAPs or Kudos. Developers could receive collaborations from the community. A local designer could create badges to honor the project and mint NFTs. The engagement of the community, investors, and buyers would be infinitely greater than simple crowdfunding. If simple crowdfunding achieves 2000% profits, would an NFT of crowdfunding for innovations reach 20,000%? 200.000%? I do not know. Remember that projects could also receive tips.
And this crowdfunding wouldn't need to be used just for innovations. Charity projects, agricultural projects, educational projects, research in humanities (why not?). Use your to-the-Moon-like imagination.




In portuguese:

